# 🥑 What is DevRel

- 📃 [What is DevRel?](https://blog.vanillaforums.com/developer-relations-what-is-devrel) (6 min) - by Mary Thengvall. Takeaway: Developer Relations is, at its core, community management for a technical audience. DevRel professionals act as a liaison between their company and these communities, communicating feedback, advocating for the community’s needs, and making their experience with our product as smooth as possible.
- 📃 [A Developer Relations Bill of Rights](https://medium.com/glitch/a-developer-relations-bill-of-rights-21381920e273) (3 min) - by Anil Dash. Takeaway: Despite DevRel being so important, most companies fundamentally do not show DevRel the respect it deserves. Every person who does the work of Developer Relations deserves to be supported by an environment which follows a set of 10 principles: the DevRel Bill of Rights.
- 📃 [Is Developer Relations the Same Thing as Community Management?](https://devrel.net/dev-rel/is-developer-relations-the-same-thing-as-community-management) (8 min) - by Matthew Revell. Takeaway: DevRel is about building sustainable ongoing awareness, adoption, and community around developer-targeted products. Community management is about creating and maintaining a process that enables people to come together for a common goal.
- 📃 [What is Developer Advocacy?](https://medium.com/@ashleymcnamara/what-is-developer-advocacy-3a92442b627c) (5 min) - by Ashley McNamara. Takeway: The real goal of a Developer Advocate is to become the voice of the user. We gather feedback in a way developers can’t (since they know the codebase too well), then use that feedback to shape the product to become what it needs to be.
